Here is a overview of the projects in this repository:

1st project: Positive Voltage Regulator - This represents the first big project that i did in my 3rd year in university. My contribution to this project was the schematic design and the choosing the right components to fit the desired input and output voltage. I also did the hand calculus in order to check if the regulator will work and to help in choosing the components. Later i also made the surface mount (SMT)  version of the circuit in Proteus 8 along with making the PCB that can be checked in the file Positive_Voltage_Regulator_SMT.

2nd project: PC-Components Shop using a Double-Linked list - This project represents the semester project that i realised for the Structures and Data Algorithms course in the 2nd year of the university. My contribution to this project was coming up with the idea of doing a simplified pc-components shop and writing the code.

3rd project: Night-Lights Simulator - The purpose of the project is to light a room automatically when it becomes dark and it uses an ESP32 development board, a LED, a LDR photoresistor, a breadboard, a 220ohms resistor and connection wires. The photoresistor is going to send a signal to the ESP32, when the light intensity goes down, then the ESP32 can light the LED.

4th project: Simple RISC Processors - The project was made for my master's program course Digital Design Systems, where we need to design a Simple RISC Processor, firstly as a Golden Model that has a simple ALU module that executes one instruction at a time. The next milestone for the project was, starting from the Golden Model, i added a Pipeline that executes these Fixed Point instructions sequentially. The project will continue next semester, adding Floating Point read/execute instructions by creating a Floating Point Pipeline.
